This document covers the idea of the "database" of polycraft

How polycraft defines items:
    Static items in polycraft are defined in a .xlsx file that is translated
    to a .tsv file. These .tsv files are organized in a way to make it easy to
    read in and create minecraft objects. The customized actions are held in
    generic classes that get expanded to the relevant types.

How to make a wiki:
    These .tsv files are an amazing resource for making a wiki. All of the
    stats of all the items in the game, all of the crafting recipies, all in
    an easily parsed text file. Many mods have this information embedded into
    the source code somewhere.

    However, the organization is designed to work for building the mod's items
    at runtime. This means there is overlapping information split over multiple
    files and many files have multiple lines for the same conceptual item.

    How to fix this? Think of the entire set of .tsv files as a single database
    and write some translation code that allows for querying this "database".

    How to organize this database? There obviously is some judgement required
    to determine what needs to be merged and what should be separated. This
    comes from manually analyzing the patterns in the existing files and
    defining properties.

A Brief interlude for Terminology:
    From this point forward, this document will use the following definitions
        database: any queryable set of data, usually in reference to polycraft
            items
        entry/record: a set of named values for a single conceptual entity
        property: a single value in a record. usually addressed by name

Back to making the wiki:
    So the path ahead seems clearer. Write interface code that exposes a
    database of records that correspond to individual concepts in the mod that
    we want to have as wiki pages. Compounds, elements, tools, armor,
    machines, etc. Well, that sounds like a category list in the making!
    So we can pretty easily define distinct categories of conceptual elements
    (not chemical elements!), and define their membership rules. Hey! That
    sounds like a set! And sets allow for overlap just like wiki categories.
    Extending that analogy, each record can have its own page.

How the heck do we make a page?
    Any given record is a member of certain categories. Each of these
    categories have a certain way to present the information relevant to
    membership in the category. Why not make a template that can have the
    record specific information inserted into it? Then we can just form a page
    from the "fragments" from each of these filled in templates. Another bonus!
    These fragments can be integrated with human written information as well!

    A lot of the currently human written stuff for autogenerated pages are
    good candidates for templating

    On top of this, Category membership in mediawiki is handled by adding a
    link down at the bottom of the page. doing so during the "linking" of the
    fragments is trivial.

There you have it. A proposition for making a wiki from .tsv files.
